-
Hey.
I fell asleep in front of
the TV waiting for you.
Are you
coming home tonight?
Or should I just
go to bed alone?
Do you remember
the noodle stand downtown?
That little street kid
heard us arguing
and he kept trying to sell you
flowers to make up with me?
Yeah.
That boy
went missing a week ago.
I'm leaving
the van near there.
Why?
I love you. Navin.
but I have to go.
I haven't
seen you in days. Matia.
- Just come home--
-
Intruder!
Hey! She's there!
Run!
Run! Go! Go! Go!
-
What a waste.
That boy is dead
because of you.
Doesn't matter. I'll just pick
up another one. you know?
Fuck. It's late.
I got to get home to my wife.
Hey. take her downstairs.
I want to know
how she got in here.
Where are you going?
I have to go to work.
You can sleep in.
Can I go to work
with you instead?
Hello. everybody.
Summer vacation
is almost over.
My dad is working non-stop.
so he can't always
keep me company.
I'm a grown-up now.
so I don't really mind.
Let's look at a day
in the life of a handyman.
Why aren't you wearing
the steel-toe boots I got you?
You never listen to me.
Here's his tool box.
He's both talented
and handsome.
Hey. Dad. make a heart
with your fingers!
I'm going back to China
in two days.
You don't have much time left
to make finger-hearts for me.
Come on. Dad.
Watch out
for your old head injury.
You're a danger to yourself.
- Thank you.
- Bye-bye.
Hey!
How's business today. Auntie?
Let's take a look.
- Business is pretty good. huh?
Stop counting
and just give it to me!
Faster!
Bullying an old lady. It's outrageous!
It's not our business.
How can you survive if you're
so scared of everything?
Dad!
Maybe I shouldn't go
back home.
I can just stay here
and help you.
Maybe Grandma and I could
move here to be with you?
I have good news.
Found you a buyer
out of Eastport.
A rich one.
How many?
Thank you.
Three's a piece of cake.
Thirty.
-
I need a favor.
Get me a meeting
with your boss.
Can you do that?
See you later.
See you.
Matia Pham
alleged a connection
between numerous
kidnapping cases
in a livestream
to her followers
shortly before
her disappearance
earlier this year.
The police
want to treat these cases
like isolated incidents.
but if you take a step back
to look at these families'
social and economic status.
and the neighborhoods
where these kids go missing.
there is an obvious pattern.
I'm talking about
a coordinated effort
to target kids
from some of the city's
poorest communities.
Asked about
Pham's allegations.
- a law enforcement...
...spokesperson told
our reporter that.
as a matter of policy.
the agency will not comment
on ongoing investigations.
Coming up: A breakthrough
in renewable energy
that will power your home
at half the cost.
You have to keep training.
It's for your own good.
I have good news.
Found you a buyer
out of Eastport.
A rich one.
If you cut your hair short.
you'll feel nice and cool.
No! I'll look terrible.
Sweetie.
You'll look prettier
if you cut your hair short.
Remember. it's how Auntie
Mable cut your hair last time.
You'll look great.
You liked having short hair
when you were little.
and it will make
your kung fu training easier.
No more kung fu!
My classmates already think
I'm a tomboy.
No one will ever like me.
I'd rather you be able to
protect yourself than be pretty.
I can't always be around
to protect you.
Exactly!
But why can't I be here
with you?
I only practice kung fu
because we're practicing together.
I never even liked it.
I just want to spend time
with you.
Can't you just go back
to China with me?
Mom died.
and you've left me. too.
Sweetie!
You never loved me!
-
Calm down.
She won't listen to you
even if you chase her.
Relax. I've got
three daughters too.
So annoying.
Annoying.
Can you speak Chinese?
My sister was hit by a car.
and my parents aren't home.
Can you help me?
Where?
Over there.
Follow me!
My eldest daughter
always says she's busy.
but she doesn't even have
a boyfriend!
My second daughter--
I can't find her!
- This way?
- Yeah. Over there.
Slow down.
Is your leg okay?
It's fine.
Over there.
-
Just one?
Useless.
Get him inside!
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
Hey!
Dad!
Grab her. idiot!
-
Dad!
Faster. faster!
-
What's wrong with you? What's happening?
Sir?
You're bleeding on my counter.
If you've had an accident.
there's a hospital
down the street.
"Big bald guy..."
If you need to report a crime.
take a seat over there.
Okay?
There's
always time. sir.
Just slow down--
Hey! Don't do
that again! Okay?
- What's going on here?
- I don't know.
Something about a kidnapping.
But I told him to wait.
Come with me.
What the hell is
going on around here?
Captain. this man's daughter's
been kidnapped.
He's got a license plate
and a perp description.
It doesn't look
like a report to me.
- Look.
we have procedures here.
I'll hang on to this.
If we come over something my
guys will get a hold of you.
-
No driver's license.
No employment history.
No criminal record.
Like he appeared
out of thin air.
Probably a fugitive.
Dad!
Who are you?
-
- Stop. Stop.
Hey! What's up. man?
What's up. man?
Go!
-
Keep the boss
in a good mood.
he'll agree to anything.
Just be cool.
Have a drink. enjoy the girls.
Hey!
Get up. big boy!
I brought a guest.
Hi.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-oh.
Hold on a minute.
You stay.
-
Stop!
Mr. Song.
Finally. a man that might know
how to get me what I want.
- Sit.
- Thank you.
Ah... So...
You want...
- Thirty for the weekend?
- Longer.
That's some kind of
big party. huh?
It's not a party.
Shrimp boats.
My partner does
business in Eastport.
Thirty kids. That's. uh...
Shit. that's like shipping
a fucking school bus. man.
We understand.
That's why we're offering you
a very good deal.
Three times the market price.
All in cash. USD?
All cash. USD.
With one small
requirement. Mr. Song.
I have to
hand-pick them myself.
Ah. that's not
gonna work. cowboy.
Well... commercial fishing is
a competitive industry.
I need your best.
and I just have to make sure.
So. let me get this straight.
You want to come...
to my spot. right?
Shop around like it's.
uh. some fruit stand...
and then pay me later?
Who the fuck are you?
What do you want?
-
If you're a cop.
you're either new
or too stupid
to be on my payroll.
Mr. Song...
Let me put it this way.
I'm just a messenger here.
My partner's waiting for me.
and you're wasting
my fucking time...
Boss.
His fucking time.
Your fucking time.
Your fucking time?
I like you!
If you want to
pick 'em. cowboy...
I'll take you there myself.
- Let's go!
- All right. Sit down! Party!
Hey. slow down there. man.
Hey. this is
a private party. Hey!
Listen. buddy.
it's invitation-only up here.
- Turn around.
- Fuck off!
Okay...
-
Help! Somebody grab him!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
He's got a gun!
Come on! You want money?
Kill him! Go fucking kill him!
Boss. there's a guy downstairs with a gun!
Mr. Song. that's
got nothing to do with me. I--
Kill this fucker! Now!
Mr. Song! Mr. Song!
-
Kill him! Kill him!
Fuck!
Enjoy the party. asshole!
Fucking asshole!
-
Who are you?
Huh?
All right.
Wait!
I'm not one of them.
Okay?
You're looking for someone.
So am I.
We've gotta get out of here.
Come on!
I can't give you this. okay?
They're here! Call for backup. -
But I can show
you what's on it. all right?
-
You vouched for a rat.
Boss. please.
Come here. boy.
Watch your father die.
You know the drill.
Freeze this bastard.
No! I'm sorry! Boss!
Boss. I'm sorry!
Don't kill me!
I didn't know who he was!
I don't want to die!
In here!
I was just trying to help you. Why would you set me up?
I'm asking you!
Why did you do that?
Was it only because
they gave you some chocolate?
You helped them
just because of this?
They're not going
to let you go.
You think they'll let you
go home? Idiot!
You're the idiot!
You faked being nice
and got yourself into trouble.
It's not my fault.
Quiet!
- Stop fighting!
Stop!
Don't go!
Father said
the bad ones get punished.
Hey! Hey!
Enough. big guy.
Your father wants them
shipped out alive.
You know you ruined two months
of my hard work. right?
At least say something.
Enough with the quiet.
tough guy act.
What are you?
A mute?
Huh? You know him?
Song picked him up young.
Threw him into the ring
between rounds as a joke.
He's a poster boy
for head trauma.
This guy. Mr. Song.
You know him. too?
Come with me.
Sorry about the mess.
I've kinda been
living back here.
Mr. Song is the biggest
human trafficker in the city.
My wife is a journalist.
This is everything
she's gathered
about Song's operation so far.
She went missing
while investigating this case.
Her name is Matia.
May I?
"Rainy?
"Happy birthday. daddy."
I haven't had time
to go through
everything she left behind.
She knew Song was
organizing the kidnappings.
He moves the kids around
while he checks out
potential buyers.
What?
What is it?
Same truck.
The refrigeration truck
makes deliveries everywhere.
The insulation would make them
completely soundproof.
The factory's an hour
outside the city. Come on.
Two bags of ice.
All this in plain sight.
Hey. hey! What are you doing?
There could be
a hundred guys in there.
You won't save your daughter
by being impulsive.
We wait.
What do you suggest?
"Feint east. attack west..."
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Get the hell out of here!
Father says. "No trespassing."
Bitch!
Die!
What the fu--
You are in my fucking house!
Shit!
Eat shit and die!
On my fucking day off.
- You again?
Ah. shit!
Found them?
Hey!
Feint east. attack west!
Ah. I see you!
-
Enough!
- Are you crazy?
Song's the only lead
we have left!
Killing him won't get you
any closer to your daughter!
She might still be alive.
And we're getting closer.
Listen close.
You can hear
your little girl's heartbeat.
- Have you chosen a name?
Um... Mirai.
It means "future."
Baby Mirai...
- Oh. excuse me.
What?
A fight broke out
at your
father-in-law's factory
and Song's not
answering the phone.
Sounds like that Chinese mute.
looking for his daughter.
I'm still trying
to identify the other guy.
The old man will want to know
how security failed.
He'll want to hear it
from you. Face to face.
You all trusted me.
I want you to know I take
that responsibility seriously.
The factory was empty.
I'd already moved the cargo
somewhere else
after the break-in
at the club.
I mean. sure. a few men died.
but we didn't lose
anything of value.
Your investment
remains secure.
If there is
any additional expense.
I'll cut it
from my own earnings.
All I want is
to do right by the family.
This fool is reckless.
-
You...
fucking motherfu--
Hey!
We need him awake. I got this.
Mr. Song...
I've been
investigating you for months.
I know everything about you.
Listen. my friend back there
wants his little girl back.
So if you don't talk...
...the whole world is
gonna know who you are.
and how you make your money.
Even if we let you live...
you won't last long.
What are you?
A reporter? Huh?
You know what happened
to the last bitch
that said she was a reporter?
Your kind...
You get in...
deep over your head. man.
What the fuck did you say?
Is it her?
Tell me
what you know right now.
I don't know shit.
Tell me
what you know about her.
I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know!
-
I've just
heard about her from
the guys at the Snake Pit.
No one's getting out alive.
What the fuck
is the Snake Pit?
There's no way out.
We won't know unless we try.
Well. don't drag me into it.
If they catch us trying
to escape. they'll torture us to death.
If we don't try. we're dead for sure.
You think I never tried?
Look at my leg!
Don't you want to go home?
Don't talk to me about "home".
I've never had one!
I watched them kill my family.
If I find a way out.
you can come home with me.
You're crazy.
Get the boat ready!
I'll be there in half-hour!
-
Where are you going. Mr. Song?
I heard something about boats.
You're going to the pier?
What did you
tell the Chinese mute?
The freezer truck's
over there.
Find another way in.
Stop it.
I'm checking the kids now.
Yeah.
They're asking
for you. sweetheart.
Come on. Get down here.
-
Go! Go!
This place is so big!
We can't escape.
You idiot!
Go!
- Hello. everyone.
My name is Navin.
I've been posting
under Matia's account
for the last few months.
-
My name is Navin.
I've been posting
under Matia's account
for the last few months.
I'm streaming from a location
out on the west side
called the Snake Pit.
Matia discovered
kidnapped children
are being held
against their will.
And I think
she's in there. too.
If there's anyone out there
seeing this stream.
please share it.
We need people on the street
to have any chance
of exposing
the men that did this.
Sergeant! Sergeant!
Look at this!
Oh. my God!
Dad!
Sorry... I'm so sorry...
We've gotta get out of here!
They're coming!
Come on!
I want to go back for the other kids.
There are so many of them...
still in there.
They'll be killed
and it's all my fault.
You did great. Rainy.
Where are they?
Locked in a room upstairs.
I'll take it from here.
Just go home.
okay?
I'll stay.
Your job is done here.
Mine is not.
Now get her
out of here.
Go!
We've got intruders at the Snake Pit!
Send everybody!
-
Where are they?
Over here!
This way!
Yadong!
What the hell are you doing?
Stand down.
There's video of children
being held here.
I saw it myself.
God damn it!
Get that stupid idea
out of your head.
- and clear this street!
- Hey. stop!
Stop right there!
Stand aside.
Captain. you can't be serious?
-
They're upstairs!
Stay together. We're leaving.
Come on!
This way.
Over here. Over there!
Uncle! We're here to help you!
Some of my friends are still trapped upstairs.
I'll take you there.
-
Rainy. Wait!
Let's go! Go! Hurry! Run!
Go! Go!
- Watch your step.
- Go!
Stay together!
Hurry!
You already escaped. Why did you come back?
I don't leave friends behind.
You don't have a family.
but you can still have friends.
Let's go.
You really are an idiot!
You're all idiots!
What should we do?
How do we get down from here?
It's so high!
Come on!
Let's use this!
Tie it tight! Check the knots!
Tie it tighter!
Ready!
Slowly.
Let us through. we can help!
Why are you just standing there?
Save the kids!
It's the kids you should
worry about!
Next one.
Hurry!
- How can you do nothing?
- You cops are useless!
Cowards! Save them!
- They're just kids!
- What's wrong with you?
Squad one
and two. come with me.
I told you.
I'm not authorizing this.
You can't deny
what's happening!
Take her away!
Sacha! I'm ordering you!
I heard you!
Sergeant.
Yadong!
Cover the exit!
Follow me!
This way. this way! Come on!
-
Come on. Your turn!
You go!
You saved me. I owe you one!
Go!
See you outside!
Go now!
-
Rainy!
Are you okay?
I'm okay!
-
Watch out!
Freeze!
Drop your weapons!
Drop it now!
We need a medic. Help the kids!
Don't be afraid. kid.
You're safe now.
That's what you get. asshole!
Get him
the hell off our streets!
Officer.
Did you guys find this woman
inside the building?
She's the journalist
whose work led us here.
Mm-mm.
-
Unrest broke out earlier
when police responded
to the live-stream rescue
of dozens
of trafficked children
from a westside
district building
owned by local tycoon
Kun Tai Luo.
The company's issued
a statement to the press
promising
a thorough investigation
- on how the leased building--
-
Yes?
I'll be right there.
My daddy's looking for you.
All of his partners are here.
What's going on?
Everything is fine.
I'll see you in our room.
You wanted to see me. sir?
The Captain is here
to take you into custody.
We all need to save face.
As one father to another...
you disgust me.
If it were guns or drugs.
I would understand.
But children?
So. when I make you money.
I'm family.
but when shit hits the fan...
I disgust you?
Boss. I told you
this kid was trouble!
Now we're left
to clean up your mess!
-
Hey! Are you crazy?
Let me go! I'm a cop. damn it!
I brought you into my home!
I gave you my daughter!
-
Why?
Sergeant. Coffee.
Thank you.
Mr. Wang.
here's your statement.
If there aren't any issues.
sign at the bottom.
I can testify that you acted
in self-defense.
But I can't
officially release you
until you've been
granted bail.
which may not be
until tomorrow morning.
I hope you understand.
We'll look after
your daughter.
You don't have parents?
Who are you. really?
I'm just a father.
Father...
-
Hey...
We saved a lot of kids today.
All because
you chose to come back.
Thank you.
My wife called
the night she disappeared.
We had an argument
and she walked out.
I wanted to leave
this country for good.
Find somewhere safe.
Raise our own family.
Basically. to save ourselves.
She was obsessed
with finding
all these missing kids.
I had no idea
how close she was
until after she was gone.
So. when I find her someday...
I hope she can forgive me.
Nice work today.
Do I get a promotion?
Let's go home.
Boss.
Five minutes.
Hey.
- Hey!
God. I'll be glad
when this renovation's done.
Let me go check
the breaker box.
-
Don't make a sound.
My father...
I'll check on him.
For now. just stay quiet
and don't go anywhere. okay?
The key!
Try to reach it.
Hold on. Hold on.
Keep pushing.
Stop!
I said. "Stop!"
Put down your weapon!
Dad!
Ah.
you must be the Chinese mute.
Finally.
You know.
I was going to be a father?
But you guys
took that away from me.
-
Go! Go.
Hurry!
Go!
You killed Father! You!
-
Your "father"?
Seriously?
Did you really think
that fucking cowboy
was your father?
You weren't his son.
Get that
through your thick skull!
No! Father said--
You're evil!
-
Oh. that reporter...
Did you give her this ring?
Such beautiful eyes...
She died very slowly.
You want this?
Take it back.
Come on. Come on.
-
My friend...
I found her.
I found...
Now you'll know how it feels
to see your daughter die.
All this pain and suffering--
Rainy. are you okay?
This is your fate.
Accept it.
-
Dad!
Enough! Don't fight anymore!
- Dad!
- Uncle!
Dad!
Uncle.
We'll practice kung fu together!
Wake up!
Don't go to sleep!
Uncle. wake up! Don't die!
Mirai...
I've got to go home.
I've got to get back
to my wife and daughter.
Hey... See you.
Mirai...
Dad!
- Uncle.
- Dad!
Dad!
We brought down
the entire trafficking ring.
I still don't even
know your name.
My mysterious friend.
Wang
Wei
Hmm.
If you're brave enough
to change yourself...
you can change the world.
Wang Wei.
You look very pretty.
Dad.
Will you tell me
your story now?
When I first met your mother...
* If I feel a little alone
* Bitch
* Don't spit it out
- * Bitch
- * Little snake
* Don't spit it out
- * Bitch
- * Little snake
* Nigga blessed with the game
* Don't know his name
* Roll through the club
with his gold chain
* Maintain things on the block
* Rep the whole game
* Everything swing low wise
like an old man
* Old man old man
I'm in the cabana
* Rockin' Dolce Gabbana
Smoke marijuana
* Blaze with the blunts
and the bottle
* I bring the heat
If you want it
* Get it. Bitch
* Don't just spit it out
* Shakin' the spot
with the cash in my hand
* I needed to front
like a need an advance
* Did it to do it
but never mistaken
* I did it for bands
Uh-uh
- * Better check on your man
- * Go
* Go
* Big boots like a mudhole
* Watch it watch it
- * Big boots like a mudhole
- * Little Little Snake
* Watch it watch it. ya
* Big boots like a mudhole
* Watch. watch. watch
Watch it. watch it
- * Big boots like a mudhole
- * Little Little Snake. ya
* Little Little Snake. ya *